[DOC-11986] Rework the Student Record Tutorial for the Server docs (#167)
couchbaselabs/docs-devex: modules/tutorials/pages/tutorial-create-database.adoc

Reviewer: Again, do you actually need to rename this file? I would suggest leaving this file with its original name, `buckets-scopes-and-collections.adoc`, and removing the alias. Advantages of not renaming: (1) fewer redirects → better SEO, (2) no break in the file's git history.

= Create a Database
:description: Create a database and use buckets, scopes, and collections to partition your data.
:page-topic-type: tutorial
:imagesdir: ../images
:page-pagination: full
:page-aliases: buckets-scopes-and-collections.adoc

[abstract]
{description}

== Buckets, Scopes, and Collections

> To organize and manage your data in Couchbase, you can create buckets, scopes, and collections inside your cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To organize and manage your data in Couchbase, you can create buckets, scopes, and collections inside your database.
```

> A bucket is similar to a database, while scopes and collections are used to provide separation between documents of different types.

Reviewer 2: Please see: https://docs.couchbase.com/cloud/clusters/data-service/about-buckets-scopes-collections.html

It's in the Capella doc, but that's the official breakdown of Bucket, Scope and Collection.

Reviewer 2: Same limitations apply across Capella and Server on total number of scopes and collections, I'm pretty sure.

. Click btn:[Add Bucket] to create your bucket.

== Create a Scope

To create a scope:

. Go to menu:Buckets[Scopes & Collections].
. Click btn:[Add Scope].
. For the scope name, enter `art-school-scope`.
. Click btn:[Save] to create your scope.

== Create Collections

For this tutorial, create two collections: one to store student records, and one to store course details.

To create a collection:

. Go to menu:Buckets[Scopes & Collections].
. Click btn:[Add Collection] next to `art-school-scope`.
. For the scope name, enter `student-record-collection`.
. Click btn:[Save] to create your first collection.

To create the second collection, follow the previous steps but name the collection `course-record-collection`.

The two collections allow you to use the relational model and the document model at the same time to achieve the best design and performance possible.

The `student-record-collection` contains student records, and each student record contains a list of that student's enrollments.
Unlike the standard relational model decomposition where a link table is created between students and courses, a document model stores the enrollments as part of the student records.

> The `course-record-collection`, on the other hand, uses the relational model to link the enrollment records to the course records they apply to. This allows you to retrieve other details like the full title of the course or the number of credits students receive upon completing the course.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `course-record-collection`, on the other hand, uses the relational model to link the enrollment records to the course records they apply to. 
This allows you to retrieve other details like the full title of the course or the number of credits students receive upon completing the course.
```

> = Create a Cluster

Reviewer: We actually created the cluster in the previous topic. This topic is about implementing the data model. Suggest something like Implement the Data Model or Implement the Database Design.

```suggestion
= Implement the Data Model
```

:description: Create a cluster and use buckets, scopes, and collections to partition your data.
:page-topic-type: tutorial
:imagesdir: ../images
:page-pagination: full
:page-aliases: buckets-scopes-and-collections.adoc

[abstract]
{description}

== Buckets, Scopes, and Collections

To organize and manage your data in Couchbase, you can create buckets, scopes, and collections inside your cluster.

> A bucket is similar to a cluster, while scopes and collections are used to provide separation between documents of different types.

Reviewer: "A bucket is similar to a cluster" &mdash; I'm not sure what this means. Can you reword it to say something like "a bucket is similar to a database in an RDBMS"? Or maybe even spell it out, "a bucket is equivalent to a database in a relational database management system".

A bucket can hold any number of scopes, and a scope can hold any number of collections.

[plantuml,couchbase-hierarchy,svg]
....
include::partial$diagrams/couchbase-hierarchy.puml[]
....

[horizontal]
bucket:: Stores and retrieves data in the server.              
scope:: Stores collections. When you create a new bucket, Couchbase provides you with a default scope called `_default`.
collection:: Contains a set of documents. Couchbase provides you with a default collection called `_default`.

To continue this tutorial, you must create a bucket to hold all student data, a scope to narrow down the data into only data related to an art school, and two collections to narrow it down further into art school students and art school courses.

For more information about buckets, scopes, and collections, see xref:cloud:data-service:about-buckets-scopes-collections.adoc[Buckets, Scopes, and Collections] in the Capella documentation.

== Create a Bucket

To create a bucket:

> . Go to menu:Dashboard[Buckets].

Reviewer: There's no Dashboard > Buckets command.

```suggestion
. In the Couchbase Web Console, go to menu:Buckets[].
```

. Click btn:[Add Bucket].
. For the bucket name, enter `student-bucket`.
. Click btn:[Add Bucket] to create your bucket.

== Create a Scope

To create a scope:

> . Go to menu:Buckets[Scopes & Collections].

Reviewer: There's no Buckets > Scopes & Collections command.

```suggestion
. In the list of buckets, next to `student-bucket`, click *Scopes & Collections*.
```

. Click btn:[Add Scope].
. For the scope name, enter `art-school-scope`.
. Click btn:[Save] to create your scope.

== Create Collections

For this tutorial, create two collections: one to store student records, and one to store course details.

To create a collection:

> . Go to menu:Buckets[Scopes & Collections].
> . Click btn:[Add Collection] next to `art-school-scope`.

Reviewer: There's no Buckets > Scopes & Collections command. Also, I don't think *Add Collection* is a button (but this is arguable).

```suggestion
. In the list of scopes and collections, next to `art-school-scope`, click *Add Collection*.
```

. For the scope name, enter `student-record-collection`.
. Click btn:[Save] to create your first collection.

To create the second collection, follow the previous steps but name the collection `course-record-collection`.

The two collections allow you to use the relational model and the document model at the same time to achieve the best design and performance possible.

The `student-record-collection` contains student records, and each student record contains a list of that student's enrollments.
Unlike the standard relational model decomposition where a link table is created between students and courses, a document model stores the enrollments as part of the student records.

The `course-record-collection`, on the other hand, uses the relational model to link the enrollment records to the course records they apply to. 
This allows you to retrieve other details like the full title of the course or the number of credits students receive upon completing the course.

== Next Steps

> After setting up a cluster, you can xref:java-tutorial/set-up-couchbase-java-sdk.adoc[set up a Couchbase SDK and connect it to your cluster to write your first application].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After implementing the data model, you can xref:java-tutorial/set-up-couchbase-java-sdk.adoc[set up a Couchbase SDK and connect it to your cluster to write your first application].
```

... or whatever you change the title to.
